Three Desolate Lords
The Evil God Palace Master suddenly summoned me today
I don't know what's going on.
The shopkeeper received unprecedented treatment
Can kill the four immortals with one person
Such martial arts
I do want my wolf tooth stick to open the meat
However, God once strictly prohibited me from entering the Great Xia
It's really going to be okay.
Remember the beginning
The four of us were seven in and seven out of the Great Xia 180,000 Army
Yes, but I can't even catch his ten moves?
Master, I can't believe such a coincidence
But it just so happens that in Yandu
If only I were really disgusted
When he was captured
Those warm and powerful hands
The feeling of holding it around your waist
I still want to revisit it
Who is so rampant as the Jade King to violate the ban
Are you looking for death?
God is handsome and ten are handsome
Where did God bestow the king?
What revenge does Shen Shuai have?
I order you to meet at the guilty party tomorrow
Give me a hand
The Walking Dead
Adherence rate order